# Episode 0

Hi everyone, Tim Rozmajzl here to tell you about our new podcast called
Uncommonly Libertarian.  There are three of us involved in this pursuit -
myself, Glenn and James, all libertarians from Ohio who have been meeting over
drinks for the last several months to share ideas, talk about books and
articles we're reading and generally gripe about how awful the state is.

Two of us are Catholic. Two of us are Anarcho-Capitalists, and the third is
well on his way. Between the three of us, we have fourteen kids.  

Beyond libertarianism, we also have a common interest in the beautiful, elegant
and undeniably true Austrian School of Economics. Check out mises.org for an
unbelievably rich collection of free articles and books on the topic.  

From the start we've shared a bit of an activist streak - at least in our
rhetoric - and doing something like a podcast has been a regular topic of
conversation. Well, after about 6 months of griping, we finally got tired of
saying "you know, we should really do a podcast" and ... so... we're doing a
podcast.

There are some really great libertarian podcasts out there already, so what is
it about ours that we hope is distinctive?  

A common theme of our conversations was the frustration over the fact that so
many people weren't more excited about a philosophy that boils down essentially
to "don't beat people up or take their stuff."  We also thought that the
cartoonish, kindergarten-level stereotype of libertarians as licentious,
atomistic, hyper-individualistic, white males who care nothing about their
fellow man needed to be smashed.

Our goal is to make a personal connection to people from all walks of life by
having real, live libertarians from a variety of backgrounds, share their
personal journeys to libertarianism - their philosophical starting point, what
kind of family they grew up in, how they started down the path to
libertarianism, who influenced them, and what struggles they encountered along
the way - both intellectual struggles and in their personal relationships as
they revealed their newfound crazy ideas. Hopefully, you can find someone on
the show who you or your skeptical friend or family member can relate to.

Our format is of course an interview format, and we hope to keep the episodes
to about 30 minutes give or take.  For now, the episodes will come out weekly.
If we ever become proficient at doing this in our spare time, we'll increase
the frequency.

Head over to our evolving web site at uncommonlylibertarian.com where we will
post show notes for the latest episodes and the occasional article.

Thanks for listening, and please subscribe over at iTunes.

